README.md, before:

# Notion Backup

This repo stores a backup of [OpenOwnership's Notion workspace](https://www.notion.so/openownership/OpenOwnership-Home-e6298eada76f4535bc2ea177ba79413e)
and the code which makes that backup and regularly updates it.

The backup itself is in [/backup](https://github.com/openownership/notion-backup/tree/master/backup)
this is a copy of Notion's 'workspace export' in the 'markdown + csv' format.

The code runs via a Github Action, which is scheduled to run at 4:05am every
day, as well as whenever code is pushed to the repository.

## Running the code locally

The code to run the backup lives in [/notion/export_notion.py]. To run it:

1. Install requirements

   ```shell
   git clone git@github.com:openownership/notion-backup.git
   cd notion-backup
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   touch .env
   ```

2. Set your `NOTION_TOKEN` and `NOTION_SPACE_ID` in the `.env` file:

   ```shell
   NOTION_TOKEN=<your-token_v2>
   NOTION_SPACE_ID=<your-space-id>
   ```

3. Run the python module: `python notion`

You can find the space id and token by logging into Notion (as the tech+notion
user ideally, if you use your personal account it will also export files in your
personal workspace) and then inspecting one of the ajax requests that notion's
front end makes. `token_v2` is a cookie, `spaceId` is often found in the body
of responses from Notion.

## Github Action config

The Github Action is configured via NOTION_TOKEN and NOTION_SPACE_ID secrets set
up in [the repo settings](https://github.com/openownership/notion-backup/settings/secrets).
These are then set as env vars for the python script to use.

Commit message:

Get a notion token by logging in
Notion tokens only last as long as your login session, which isn't very
helpful for us.

README.md, after:

# Notion Backup

This repo stores a backup of [OpenOwnership's Notion workspace](https://www.notion.so/openownership/OpenOwnership-Home-e6298eada76f4535bc2ea177ba79413e)
and the code which makes that backup and regularly updates it.

The backup itself is in [/backup](https://github.com/openownership/notion-backup/tree/master/backup)
this is a copy of Notion's 'workspace export' in the 'markdown + csv' format.

The code runs via a Github Action, which is scheduled to run at 4:05am every
day, as well as whenever code is pushed to the repository.

## Running the code locally

The code to run the backup lives in [/notion/export_notion.py]. To run it:

1. Install requirements

   ```shell
   git clone git@github.com:openownership/notion-backup.git
   cd notion-backup
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   touch .env
   ```

2. Set your `NOTION_SPACE_ID`, `NOTION_EMAIL` and `NOTION_PASSWORD` in the
   `.env` file:

   ```shell
   NOTION_SPACE_ID=1234-56789-abcdef
   NOTION_EMAIL=notion@example.com
   NOTION_PASSWORD=password
   ```

3. Run the python module: `python notion`

You can find the space id by logging into Notion as the tech+notion user and then
inspecting one of the ajax requests that notion's front end makes in the
chrome dev console. It's often found in the body of responses from Notion.

Note that this assumes you have a email/password user account, not one through
Google SSO.

## Github Action config

The Github Action is configured via `NOTION_EMAIL`, `NOTION_PASSWORD` and
`NOTION_SPACE_ID` secrets set up in [the repo settings](https://github.com/openownership/notion-backup/settings/secrets).
These are then set as env vars for the python script to use.
